wait welcome to lip p2p this is the last
of the calls today on this print I don't
think any of you are new but yeah bad
check out the etherpad will be falling
through it for the agenda notes we may
also go to a waffle board or postal the
links will post them in nice pad emily
has already agreed to take notes Thank
You Emily and later for this call is
going to be D as David again i believe
so das David take it away is the awesome
cool thank you so um let's do the same
model as yes ffs go through a quick
update and then jump into a bar and also
hear from gavin and box a test and all
that's cool update so as we go i profess
and just be first we spend a lot of time
on getting interrupt like I own works at
speedy works like you can now open like
use Jesse PTP randgold good beer we
basically all the connectivity features
again the result HD but like you can
dial it up and swing back and forth
that's awesome um you own it stream
isn't working should i wait for the seem
to work can I let me know okay awesome
cool ok that was the Eureka touch peel
from last meetings next update and
Richard are you around so um yeah I am
okay uh always the side of the website
I'm not entirely sure i know you have
forked the old I haven't had time I'm
gonna be focusing on tomorrow morning I
know all set aside like 3-4 hours
tomorrow and I will ping you tomorrow
afternoon and we can go through
iteration four point oh that's not good
yeah sounds good and do you need
anything from me in terms of converting
from you I just he's actually a minute
I've been working on my post last week
so i'll do that tomorrow sweet you know
it's ok let's try to schedule something
to review after you do that and because
it would be like really awesome web by
Def Con to like people schedule come
afternoon if you have time i'll be
around you're on my time well i do that
and we got any sometimes on i believe
right yeah so awesome let's make sure
that happens and also be like oh so it
pops up there is the pups of the
implementation floating that we are
doing and there is the pub sub test at
that cabin is working um Kevin wanna
give us a bit well then yeah so the test
net I'll put the repo into the etherpad
here but it's been making progress so
basically right now you have the ability
to spin up a test net of size n and you
can pass it different topologies so
that's kind of the basic line is like
you've got network nice tan shade a
network of size and then give it a
topology and it'll build this thing out
so this week um it was a little slammed
last week but this week my goal is to
implement three or four more basic
pathologies you can choose from anybody
else can add topologies that they want
it's a pretty simple interface and then
from there get some example docks up
this week and also then I was talking
with Herman about docker and containers
but he was a little pressed last week
too so hopefully get to that either
later this week or early next but either
way by the end of this week we've kind
of got the infrastructure that people
kind of pull that work on it mm-hmm but
that's where we're at awesome so um yeah
I need to check all the way you do the
topologies like if you have examples on
the Reaper right line Lindy shoe like oh
yeah yeah um yeah because like probably
actually like who I'm creating test for
the pub sub accommodation the floating
one and like I'm just like spawning
notes as well and I connecting them and
I see any messages passing true but like
if we can import the pub sub test net
and then use those notes yeah that'd be
that's the flood pops up and i accede to
working and I guess how with all your
topologies do you want to you want to
circle up after this and figure out like
how to how to kind of get that wired up
because that seems to make that makes a
lot of sense yeah yeah okay sounds good
um yeah okay what what let's do that um
because after all like you already have
like all of those thousands of loads
Vince porn and throwing pops up on top
and seeing a message passing through um
do you have anything for monitoring like
um like to see the flow like
yeah you you spawn the nodes but like is
that a way to see all messages are like
traversing a network no I could like it
we can figure something out though right
now it's got like it's got a memory like
a memory profiler built in so you can
kind of watch how memories building up
and being used mhmmm basic like you can
turn on and off logs and things like
that but that's kind of a next level it
can be added that's it like it'll be
very cool it's like an idea but I could
be very cool like if you guys like a
pipe to like just exposes a web page
with some III GS or something that I can
see the notes well now they're connected
haha yeah that'll be pretty cool a
pretty cool demo and also pretty cool
debugging tool cool alright so let's get
it done um let's jump into waffle um
let's jump into awful so I can share my
screen again alright well actually my
screen you see my whole screen or just
my browser just out of curiosity you can
select different windows right now we're
seeing your entire browser obey my time
Rosa awesome cool ok so again you can
again same thing as Jessica fest we have
this backlog now which is are the things
that we don't really have an awesome for
just like things that we keep finding or
the tree real number that we eventually
will process and make a target to cheat
them if someone tells em for example you
can see here Francisco one of the
Jessica's contributors is like checking
the railing railing is like a bush truck
loads like connecting to know does like
a note spawns and the multicast DNS
discovery we got that working before but
then when the multicast DNS mojo a note
was upgraded to respect the RFC kind of
got some differences with the government
ation and I think Jeremy already got
those
things forest and so it's just a
question of like testing it out again
like seen with it all works so nicely
cool you can see like so I'm doing this
quarter okis on these three milestones
well almost four so there is not some
one which is getting things like interop
and a sec I oh it's pretty much there
and there is muscle to which is the
improved connectivity of go mouse on
three which is the website and muscle
for which she is I need to check again
to remember the title but I believe it
is the getting them getting the wig p2p
organization with all of the community
stuff and all the guidelines and like
pointing people to the specs and so on
like polishing all that so it's a nice
experience for someone with chicken
little bit cool so mouse on one and this
was already handled so you know like
masculine issues pretty much the thing
that we already have discussed on just a
PFS it is i the ability to go out
without the PID integrating pink and
what should what okay you are able to do
that no you are able to do that so
Jeremy is like sharing that and you
can't that's not a thing you should okay
let me color family for you like the
thing that Jeremy's commenting here is a
to be a way to dial to appear without
knowing the PID beforehand now you have
to have the correct but like the guy
keep an eye on down it works now we have
a test that some jessilee it works
that's why i was looking up next okay so
Victor if you are listening you might
have less floor than you actually okay
so let's show me the test um you telling
to pacifica score de-spawn tests
and like he dials what to think without
the PID and it cancels okay can we do
this thing so that people yeah sure but
I get sore a source and then its form
and then there's like the one of those
you can check a movie on all right um
you want to give a quick update on
muffin to Delhi like what you need to
achieve some of these things no idea
what do you talk the improved
connectivity things so i can open if i
change my tabs you guys yeah you you
probably can see so i can go here Willie
people are more on top of Jessica
pheasant imputed here so whether like to
see the romance seconds like someone the
interop a mouse on to improve
connectivity and I PFS know there's a
lot of discussions that you need to have
in order to achieve these walls right
yep do you think that we are still doing
them this quarter no I don't think we
ever agreed in this quarter uh okay so
maybe we need to reduce I was never
coming back we should I had drums maybe
movies like to another number and before
it yeah I don't know how that ended up
there and being assigned to this quarter
without me knowing about it you might
have forgot
but that's definitely a lot of this
question around these three the last
gathering ok nevermind and sorry for
sorry ruined for this was distracting
we'll definitely revisit this items the
mouse onto was about like being able to
close connections which is something
that's not easy you would who taught it
like the hard part was getting
connections then really closing is even
harder cool so mouse on three is the
website which is going to another
tomorrow morning as like the focus for
this week is pops up and the website and
there is someone at habit improve quick
twenty percent speed do you want to
bring it up real yeah that's why that's
why I put it there yeah like I'm asking
you like to bring it up now oh yeah I
can do you like to talk about it okay so
um there are two things for this so the
first one is so yeah we have sec I yo in
JavaScript and that's pretty cool the
other thing is the current crypto that
we're doing in javas jet javascript is
slow like I did some basic performance
tests and eighty percent of all runtime
like of v8 was spent doing crypto of the
whole program so like hmm that's not
super quick so I want to improve that
this is a long-term ish effort like in
getting everything faster but there's
things that we should do that we can do
soon and the first thing that we need to
do that for this is make all crypto
interfaces async so currently note Forge
as well as parts of the node.js script
to libraries expose synchronous api's
they do some blocking things when
generating some things this is nice if
you use a constructor to generate things
like RSA a keys but web crypto which we
will want to use sooner the rather than
later because it's the fastest way to
decrypter in the browser currently only
exposes promised base asynchronous in
faces for everything that means we have
to move all synchronous interfaces to
async interfaces even if it's just a
fake just calling a call back or each
our new promise based on a synchronous
interface in the background for now to
do this we need to change some things
especially the way we use constructors
at the moment for things like peering
from prd and there's a this issue open
this is like from a technical standpoint
just moving those interface is simple I
just want to call it out and let people
so lets us sink in and like tell me if
there's something super bad about it
just tell me there's something we need
to tell sweet to consider so one thing
that we can do to achieve that quickly
then like going through all the
refectory adventure is because fear IDs
can be created from like an egg bike
republica that's already exists or from
a JSON object it as the public and
apparently so it doesn't like to do any
processing you can actually do first the
creation and then creating the PID
object that perhaps those too yeah we
can do that so we can remove the ability
of of generating new keys from the
constructor and saying the constructor
always needs to pee pad need not always
need we always need to pass the finished
key to the constructor we can do that
but there is a catch here so the catch
is if we want to so the web crypto API
also has the concept of importing keys
which you have to do if you want to use
any sort of key you have to import it
for example honestly if you do an H Mac
and use a secret you have to import that
secret as a key that's how the web
crypto API works so those interfaces are
asynchronous as well meaning if we want
to have the take a web crypto API a key
and import it into your purity
that import call actually has to be
asynchronous as well making this a not
perfect solution because we we can get
problems there again because we don't
want it if we were using web crypto we
don't want to import the keys and then
export them and then put them in a to
appear at the end with we use them
import them again because that's
overhead we we will need to have a
standard key format and imprinted once
put generated once and that import and
generations that both of them will
always be a synchronous like from what I
understand like the reality is like
definitely we take a lot of time on
generating keys like it is one other
thing that takes most time on pudding
tests and I was actually going to open
initiated a about what just like
generate a bunch of keys before I had it
for tests and I create them from this
and I just tested him because generating
RSA keys even we reduce the decides it
takes time but but i guess like one of
the things that really takes a lot of
time during the whole like it's not that
etc is this like ciphering encrypting
and decrypting like the debt operation
and that's all I generating key is in it
definitely yeah that definitely requires
a lot of lycra fracturing details so
that we can it's not that completely
it's not that complicated to actually we
don't use that made different crypto
things inhale so that this is like a
huge bunch massive amount of work you
know and this is why I was saying like
let's get all the interfaces to be a
sink and then me and everything to use
the PTP crypto and then I can go piece
by piece so for example I can then go
and this is like maybe a days of work
like replacing inside the p2p crypto DRS
a generation with native things where
available on node and the browser right
oh how much time do what you need to do
the first step which is migrating
the interface is decreasing somebody can
I do in all today and get it done or
it's mostly a search and replace thing
right so because we have many modules it
yeah it's gonna take a couple original
yeah and making sure like everything is
not around so that that's the major
thing in terms of actual work it's not
that much right so what we could do here
is I could put the main things so Pierre
IDP reinf oh and Deepika crypto and then
someone could help me out like just
going through all the modules and okay
yeah that'll be great so I guess the
point I was trying to make is like if
it's more than off today not before the
phone um that's what I my point actually
if it takes you time from my getting
beat swapped interop just leave it for
after because ya know so it's warm and
drop I will do before right so i will i
hope i really hope unless I had
something very but something very bad to
get fit swab and drop happening tomorrow
if it takes me longer it takes takes
longer but I will do that that like my
priority right so no actually yeah after
the gut interop we should use the pub
sub testament which is the I PFS PFS
test and I guess because it spawns a lot
of loads to do big swab test as well
like to to like make sure we don't like
we don't have memory leaks all over the
place that since our a Gavin a
documentary profiler and everything like
to make sure that I beat swap is robust
enough so that people can like well
Jessica Vess and not have the browser
that after five minutes I don't know how
to do that but I would love to welp it's
funny a lot of notes and like creating
files from one and like getting all the
other nodes to time like requesting like
imagine like you have a tree and this
one is creating blocks and this one like
once these walks and then like a little
bit after you say hey you also want this
blog tonight ghassan just want and I
finally when there is like a line why
the box will start passing through he'll
be
the last one we will receive so by like
you see like this one doesn't go crazy
if this one doesn't send the box right
away because this one will notice in the
blogs after all the other nodes have
received it works through it's kind of
like pops up it's accessing 7 p-12
have a lot of similarities and because
like big flower moves with more like
moves more data it's more intensive and
we need to make sure that works well and
that we detect like an early and crazy
errors cool so we are five minutes from
a family that minutes left does anyone
have any other questions issues things
that they want to bring to the chat
again checking on board the first
milestone basically it's like
overlapping what we already reviewed on
Jessica Vess there's a lot of
interdependencies there that's why I
like doesn't really matter like to go to
all those issues again and mouse on tool
will revisit mouse on tree is the
website being a no tomorrow well some
for is getting I clip you to Pierre with
a nice like community repo and like
pointing to our guidelines in in my
affairs like 20 people to where they
should have like make questions and
discussions and so on and those four
milestones cone are basically our this
quarter til October till mid-october
aren't they well then let's say an
awesome tool will not be no but what
about I pili this is lee peer-to-peer
and appeared on me but I really well
touch much of it no not all well it look
at the Pierre is on just defense I meant
just agree to be at once yeah I know I
I'm just saying do we not have to do any
thing on the p2p man for making actually
not quite for example no we definitely
like your book mending the seats cooling
went a little bit because then the topic
descriptors which is at Pollock that
describes who is authorized to publish
we'll ever see each other wise just a
multi ash but like CD 0 is just 0 cash
so it can be invisible for loop it
appear that if there is a seed or multi
ash and then and then there is a
question if we should rename the pure
IDs to slash p2p year and I have a seat
instead of I camuti ash for the idea of
the pier which is something that we kind
of like roll up several times and
everyone said I had that make sense but
who was like really said okay like
what's the best time to change that
right now because it changes all the PID
s we still have to think about what that
means in terms of migration so ya might
not death detail might not count this
quadrant accepts cool um all right so
Gavin you like to revisit or check the
pub sub stuff after this call by vfm or
connect if I'm um yeah so thank you
everyone we are two minutes from lean on
main we are getting super efficient are
you things i see that matt has a very
happy place in saying yes see so yeah
thank you have a fun week and let's keep
chatting thanks guys thank you fine
adios abide boy